Update ISV guidance (#204)
IBM/charts: GUIDELINES.md

Charts should follow the standard Helm file structure: Chart.yaml, values.yaml, README.md, templates, and templates/NOTES.txt should all exist and have useful contents.

## Required chart keywords

> Chart keywords are used by the IBM Cloud Private user interface, and must be included in Chart.yaml. Use keyword `ICP` to indicate the chart is meant for use with IBM Cloud Private, and/or keyword `IKS` to indicate that the chart is meant for use with IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service. A chart must also include one or more keywords to indicate the hardware architectures it supports, from the set of `s390x`, `ppc64le`, and `amd64`. A list of [recommended keywords](#recommended-chart-keywords) used for categorization in the UI follow in the section covering recommended guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chart keywords are used by the IBM Cloud Private user interface for categorization and filtering of charts, and some of these keywords are critical to grant a chart the proper visibility in the catalog. The Chart.yaml must include at least one of these cloud platform keywords and at least one of these architecture keywords to be accepted into this repository:

Cloud Platform Keywords:  
- `ICP` - indicates that the chart is supported for use on IBM Cloud Private  
- `IKS` - indicates that the chart is supported for use on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service  

Architecture Keywords:  
- `s390x`  
- `ppc64le`  
- `amd64`  

As a supplement to the required keywords, the list of optional keywords offered in [the section on recommended chart keywords](#recommended-chart-keywords) can be leveraged to provide the chart with additional categorization and catalog visibility.
```

All contributed charts must contain a useful README.md file with useful information a user would need to deploy the chart. In the IBM Cloud Private GUI, the README.md file is the "front page" that a user will see after clicking on the chart in the catalog. A complete description and explanations of all input parameters are strongly suggested.

### Image security
The README must also indicate which images need to be added to IBM Cloud Private's list of trusted image registries, since [container image security](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSBS6K_3.1.2/manage_images/image_security.html) is enabled by default beginning with IBM Cloud Private 3.1.

### Pod security

> The README must also include a statement on the pod security policy required to deploy the chart. As of ICP 3.1.1 [pod security is enabled by default.](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSBS6K_3.1.2/manage_cluster/security.html) Charts can reference one of the [pre-defined pod security policies from ICP](https://github.com/IBM/cloud-pak/blob/master/spec/security/psp/README.md), or describe a [custom pod security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSBS6K_3.1.2/user_management/iso_pod.html) if needed. The intent is for users to understand the required security requirements for the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The README must also include a statement on the pod security policy required to deploy the chart. As of ICP 3.1.1, [pod security is enabled by default.](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSBS6K_3.1.2/manage_cluster/security.html) Charts can reference one of the [pre-defined pod security policies from ICP](https://github.com/IBM/cloud-pak/blob/master/spec/security/psp/README.md) or describe a [custom pod security policy](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSBS6K_3.1.2/user_management/iso_pod.html), if needed. The intent is for users to understand the required security requirements for the chart.
```

icon: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ot4i/ace-helm/master/appconnect_enterprise_logo.svg?sanitize=true
```

## Recommended chart keywords

> Chart keywords are used by the IBM Cloud Private user interface, and should be included in Chart.yaml.  The ICP catalog supports chart categories and classifications that users can select to narrow the catalog view.  Consider adding category and classification keywords below to your helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the previously mentioned [required keywords](#required-chart-keywords), the following category and classification keywords should be included in the Chart.yaml's keywords where applicable to grant the chart additional visibility in the IBM Cloud Private catalog UI.
```
